Overhaul `README` and documentation catalog to introduce best practices (#363)
apple/swift-log: Sources/Logging/Docs.docc/Best practices/001-ChoosingLogLevels.md

> # 001: Choosing log levels

Reviewer: Could we drop the space from the directory name? Those are a pain with git 🫢

Instead log such information at debug or trace levels and offer alternative
ways to observec such behaviors, for example using `swift-metrics`.

```swift
// ❌ Bad: Normal operations at info level flood production logs
logger.info("Request failed")
```

#### Avoid: Normal operations at info level

```swift
// ❌ Bad: Normal operations at info level flood production logs
logger.info("HTTP request received")
logger.info("Database query executed") 
logger.info("Response sent")

// ✅ Good: Use appropriate levels instead
logger.debug("Processing request", metadata: ["path": "\(path)"])
logger.trace("Query", , metadata: ["path": "\(query)"])
logger.debug("Request completed", metadata: ["status": "\(status)"])
```

### Level Guidelines

How log levels are used depends in large part if you are developing a library,
or an application which will `bootstrap` its logging system and is in full
control over its logging environment.

#### For Libraries

Libraries should use **info level or lower** (info, debug, trace). Each level
serves different purposes:

Libraries **should not** log information on **warning or more severe levels**,

> unless it is a one-time (e.g. during startup) warning, that cannot lead to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
unless it is a one-time (for example, during startup) warning, that cannot lead to
```
